Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
She said she'd give me $500.000
to kill that nigga.
Shit. I got her number.
I'll pop that nigga
for that kind of money.
[Man]: Previously on
All The Queens Men.
Amp has been shot.
What?
Head over to Bishop West. okay?
Where the fuck is my money?
I told her that I was gonna
bury her in all of her shit.
[intense music]
Hey.
So. did you do it?
Yeah.
Oh. thank you.
Whoa.
Nah.
I just wanted to say thank you.
Okay.
So. did you make it look like a
robbery?
Yeah. you know I did.
Okay. thank you.
How can I repay you?
My $500.000.
Of course.
So. when you gonna have it?
They gotta find his body first.
And then when I get my insurance
money. I'll give it to you.
Alright.
[sighs] So. you about
to go to bed?
What?
I'm just saying the baby sleep.
you want some company?
Yeah. nah. I'm good on that.
What. you scared of Doc?
He ain't gotta know.
Yeah. I'll know.
That nigga probably out fucking
a bitch right now anyway.
What do that gotta do with me?
You act like you don't want me.
[sighs]
The only thing I
want from you...
[Teresa]: Mm-hmm.
Is my 500.000.
Alright.
And don't waste no
time getting it.
Okay.
Man. bye.
Bye.
Get your ass out of here.
[Teresa]: Bye.
Your house smell
like ass anyway.
[sighs]
[music]
You better wake up soon.
Amp?
Amp. you're. you're.
you're clammy.
Amp?
What the...
What the he...
Oh my God.
Nurse. what the hell?
[music]
♪ They know not to play
with me ♪
♪ They know I get it started
♪ Ask me will I take it easy.
told 'em that it's hard ♪
♪ Askin' will I quit. oh no sir.
I say I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They sayin' that it's light
♪ But I done turn
this bitch to darkness ♪
♪ It go up.
we don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play with my dinero
♪ Got some gangstas
in the cut now ♪
♪ And they doing what I say so
Mm-mm. no time to eat.
Madam. you can't keep doing
this. you have to eat.
No. I have to find this nigga.
that's what I need to do.
Madam. we'll find him.
Tommy. this mother fucker
has my money.
Madam. I understand.
we will find him.
Please sit and eat.
Please. you have to eat.
Okay. okay. open the chair.
Thank you.
I made you avocado toast.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
[phone ringing]
Hi.
Who is this?
I would think you know
my voice by now.
Yeah. um. what do you want?
Is there a television close?
Channel 3 News.
Hurry. you're going to miss it.
Jim. we're being told this was a
halfway house
for former inmates.
There was a shootout here.
And then a bomb went off
killing everyone inside.
The medical examiner has been
bringing out charred remains
since we arrived on scene.
Why do you have me
watching this?
Just wait.
We're being told by police that
they are looking to question
William Pervey.
They say he's not a
suspect at this time
but he is being called a
person of interest.
We're also being told several
neighbors have doorbell cameras.
And an eyewitness
has come forth.
Back to you.
See you've been a busy
little bee.
Are you watching me now?
Yes. You have a death wish?
I don't know maybe I do.
Madam. I think it was a
reckless for you to go in there.
You could have called me.
I could have handled
that for you.
Well. I don't need a man
doing shit for me.
I figured you would say that.
Look. I got it. okay.
it's covered.
For the record I had
the cameras hacked.
So. you and blue are no longer
in the security footage.
Only William AKA Bill.
as he was leaving.
Thank you.
No problem.
In the future. you mind running
these kind of plans by me?
Sure. In the future.
if someone steals from me
and I plan to fuck their life up
and most likely kill 'em.
that's the plan.
We really have to work on that.
Madam. your important to your
organization and mine.
We need to keep you safe.
And we need keep you out
of the public eye.
Look. I can run my
business. okay?
I got it covered. I'm good.
You'll be glad to know I have
eyes on Bill.
You should probably get to him
before the police do.
Okay. I'm on my way.
No. you've had quite a night.
How about I bring him to you?
No. I just told you I'm on my
way. tell me where he is.
And I said no.
We really have to work on that
temper.
You can't rule from emotion
Madam.
Well. I have. what.
two million reasons
to be fucking emotional
right now.
And the judges house?
Ah. well. that bitch
threatened me.
Again. use a little
finesse there.
There's somewhere I want you to
go with me.
I'll send my car to you.
No. that's not happening.
I need to go see my nephew.
Oh. yes. Amp.
How is he?
He's fine.
Okay. well. I'll send a car to
the club to pick you up.
You'll be back in time for work.
Where are we going?
You trust me?
No. I don't trust you.
Good. this should be fun.
The attire is formal and
the car will be there
and pick you up at 5:00 PM.
See you soon.
This nigga.
Hi.
Hey. why. why are you out here?
He wasn't breathing.
What?
No. so they made me wait out
here.
Dime. you said he wasn't
breathing.
What room is he in?
Mad. he's. he's right there.
Wait. Madam.
Madam.
[alarms beeping]
We need a crash cart over here.
-What is going on?
-You can not be in here.
She said he wasn't breathing.
-What is going? Answer me!
-Ma'am. please.
You must go now.
We got a pulse.
A pulse?
He's not breathing.
-Who are you to him?
-I'm his aunt.
If you want him to live.
walk out that door
and let us do our jobs.
Oh. he better fucking live.
We're doing that. ma'am. please.
[monitor beeping]
Dime. what the hell happened?
Huh?
I was with him all night.
And this morning
when I woke up
I found him cold and clammy and
his machines weren't hooked up.
What?
No. I don't know.
Okay. somebody sabotaged him.
Dime.
I was in the room the entire
time.
So. no one came into the room
all night?
There was a nurse here when I
got here last night.
What was the nurse's name?
I have no idea.
Excuse me.
Can I help you?
Yes. were you working here
last night?
No. but is there something
I can do to help you?
Who worked that room last night?
Who are you?
[phone ringing]
Was she working here last night?
Ma'am. again. who are you?
[intense music]
What'd you find out?
All I need to know.
How is he?
He's breathing.
his pulse is strong.
He should come around soon.
-[sighs]
-Okay. what happened to him?
That. we don't know.
It looks like a gunshot.
but there's no bullet
and no exit wound.
Yeah. well. she said when she
got here the machines were off.
That's right. they were.
Why?
He was breathing.
we had him on oxygen.
And the nurses were checking on
him every hour.
Okay. so if he was breathing
fine and was on oxygen
then what the fuck happened?
Ma'am. there's no need
for that language.
Oh. I'm sorry.
What the motha fuck happened.
nigga?
Is that better?
Okay. ma'am.
My guess. it was septic shock.
It could've killed him.
Septic shock. are you sure?
Yes.
Okay. so. your saying that
there's no way that a nurse
could have done anything.
I don't know what
you're getting at.
I'm not sure what it
really was. okay?
So. we've got him stabilized.
His blood pressure
is back to normal.
He should be coming around soon.
Thank you.
You wanna tell us what happened?
With what?
The gunshot.
Well. what did he say happened?
He said he was stabbed.
Then that's what happened.
Are you sure. ma'am?
Thrust the knife. nigga.
He's awake.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm cool.
Well. you gave us quite a scare.
Oh. I'm. um. I'm sorry doc.
Well. we got you stabilized.
If you need anything else
just push that button.
[Amp]: What button?
It wasn't working. sir.
It was unplugged.
Who the fuck would unplug a
machine in a hospital?
It happens sometimes.
We try to stay on top of it.
Yeah. okay.
I'll be at the nurse's station
if you need anything else.
Okay.
Hey. you okay?
Am I okay. are you okay?
Yeah. oh. oh. you know I'm cool.
Okay. um. Amp. I am. I'm...
Hey. it's good.
I ain't blamin' you.
I'm okay.
Everything's good. okay?
Look. I'ma. um. I'ma head out.
Okay.
Okay. um. take care of him.
And if you need anything
I'll be at the club.
Okay.
Keep a eye on these
motha fuckas.
I got it. Madam.
Okay. okay.
I'm gonna see you later.
alright?
Yes ma'am. see you later.
Auntie.
I'm good.
I love you.
[monitor beeping]
Uh. Dime. do me a favor and um.
[coughs]
check on her for me.
She wouldn't want that.
Dime. she had tears in her eyes.
okay?
So. please?
And that's exactly why she
wouldn't want that.
Okay.
You wanna tell me what happened?
Everything's all good.
I promise you.
Anything I need to be
worried about?
It's good. I'm fine.
I'm just glad that you're okay.
Hey. you make me okay.
Looks like you won't be dancing
for a while.
[chuckles and moans]
Girl. it's just a scratch.
You were shot.
Ugh. I know. I know.
it's only by a 22.
Dime. I'll be fine.
-Amp.
-[groans]
-Hmm?
You will tell me what happened?
I promise I will tell you
everything.
Okay.
Can I tell you something
right now?
-Hmm?
-I'm hungry.
[laughs] Okay.
I'll call the nurse.
Press that button.
see if it works.
See if it works.
I'm glad you're okay.
Shit Madam.
get your shit together.
Hey!
Hey. I'm talking to you.
What is it?
So. you saw my nephew
last night.
Yes.
And you treated him?
Yes. I did.
You unplugged his machines.
What?
You heard me.
I took an oath.
And despite how
much I despise
you and that thing
you call a nephew.
I would never do that.
You know you're lucky that I
actually believe you.
Because if I didn't
you'd be replacing him
in that hospital bed.
But you'd have more than
one wound.
What is it gonna take?
Take for what?
What is it gonna take for you
to change your life?
[laughing]
All this death around you and
you still don't care.
What is it going to take?
You heard me right?
And you heard me.
You gotta a soul
somewhere in there
under all them labels
little girl.
All of this playing dress-up and
boss lady.
it's gonna to crumble down
on you.
Just you wait and see.
Don't you touch him.
Well. that is my job.
Okay. your right it is.
So. if my nephew gets as much as
a headache.
I will be back and I'm gonna
fuck you up.
Well. I'm just gonna wait and
see how God deals with you.
-[smirks]
-Just you wait.
And he will. I know he will.
Baby. God deals with me
everyday.
-Man.
-What?
You ain't gonna guess what
happened to me.
Yeah we can all guess.
I got this one.
I met this chick.
I took her to the house.
I fucked her and I made 3 grand.
[laughs]
No and no.
I got offered 10 grand.
Nigga. you bullshittin'.
I did.
So look. her husband wanted
to watch.
And I was cool.
you know what I'm sayin'?
It ain't no thang.
But this nigga gets up and tries
to get in on the action.
And you walked out on 10 grand?
Nigga. everything
ain't for sale.
Shit.
Nigga. for 10 grand you
would fuck a goat.
Twice. you feel me?
Fuck both of y'all.
I'll tell you what though.
I got her number so if one of
y'all wanna go deal with her.
and go hit the husband
for that cash. go ahead.
Pssh. nah. not me.
I ain't doing no shit like that.
I got too many chicks man.
Shit. we all do. what are you
talking about?
Except you.
What about me?
Bro. you the only one that don't
be fucking on these chicks.
You got something to tell us?
Yeah. I don't have to do that.
You ain't hardly making no money
out there.
Look man. I'm fine. okay?
-Hmm.
-I'm fine.
Well. if you. or any one of
y'all ever need the number
I got it.
One of you niggas is gonna take
this number down.
That shit is gonna be up there
til it fades.
Yeah. alright.
You need to ask
one of them amateurs.
Oh shit.
[laughs] That's the smartest
thing you said to me all year.
I want my cut.
Uh-uh. no. not so fast.
go back inside.
Alright fellas. listen up.
I'll be gone for most of the
evening but Blue is here.
She's gonna hold it down.
We got you Madam.
Thank you.
Also. I saw some big tippers
out there.
There's one at table eight.
Another at table nine.
-We got you.
-You already know.
Yeah. we on it.
Amp is also out tonight.
What's up with him?
Just a family emergency.
Everything alright?
Everything's fine. thank you.
He'll be back.
Okay. that's good.
I like him.
He's cool.
Okay. I'm glad you like him and
you think he's cool.
Anyway. Dime
won't be here either.
So. y'all can tip out with Blue.
[sighs] Damn.
What the fuck is that face for?
Is she in a good mood?
When is Blue
ever in a good mood?
Do what I just said.
And keep my money up.
-We got you.
-Yes Madam.
Thank you.
Man. that's some bullshit.
Yeah. I know man.
we gotta tip fucking Blue.
Hell no. I'm talking about Amp
and Dime being out.
You know he's somewhere
smashing.
Man I don't give a fuck about
that shit man.
Shit. more money for me.
Hey. you talk to Teresa?
No man I can't even get
in touch wit' her ass.
Oh okay.
Why you ask?
Oh nothing. she came by the
house to get the baby.
Everything's cool.
Yeah. you still tying up?
Got to.
Yeah to you ain't got no living
part of your dick left.
Man that don't even matter bro.
there's too much money
out there.
We got to do what we got to do.
You lost your fucking mind.
[Do or Die by ProdbyInsula]
[knocking]
Who is it?
[Blue]: Blue.
Come in.
Blue. they broke my fucking
mirror.
I need you to replace it.
All right.
Thank you.
So. where you been?
You ain't called me all day.
Yeah. uh. hmm.
Are you okay?
Huh?
Yeah I'm good [clears throat].
-Okay.
-Why you dressed like that?
I decided to go to the grocery
store. the fuck you think?
Concierge asked me out tonight.
You trust that nigga?
Hell no I don't trust his ass.
Then why the fuck you going?
Well. I mean. why not. huh?
He can't hurt me.
All the money he needs me to
move for him.
Speaking of money.
I know where he is.
-You do?
-I do.
All right let's go get it then.
No. gotta go handle this first
but we'll get him.
You sure?
Yeah. I'm sure.
I hate to tell you this.
I don't want no bad news. Blue.
Well. it's terrible news.
What the fuck is it?
Car's outside.
Okay. you keep playing this
bullshit. Blue.
That's my ride.
I got to give it to the nigga.
the car is nice.
just a little bit.
He got a little bit of taste.
[laughs] He has a lot of taste.
-Look at me.
-Damn right Madam.
Thank you.
Don't give him none.
You sure you don't want to tell
me where you going?
Are you sure you
don't want to tell me
what happened between you and
Kat last night?
Blue look at me.
I can see it in your eyes.
I'll tell you later. Madam.
Okay. alright.
Look. I'ma be out for a while.
So. I need you to hold this
shit down.
As always Madam.
[sighs]
Thank you.
[music]
-[music]
-[crowd screaming]
♪ Feel it baby
Take a deficit ♪
♪ Ooh
♪ Feelin' distracted
♪ Hear you talkin'
not listenin'♪
♪ Baby it happens
♪ Baby when I drink
all that liquor ♪
♪ Oh. I'm startin' to fall
even quicker ♪
♪ I love you too
♪ Still I run it down my
fingertips ♪
[crowd cheering]
♪ Gotta foresee
we crashin' for pure ♪
♪ Going to try to tempt me
when I'm wrong ♪
♪ Feelin' how I do it
♪ The way you set the mood
♪ You give me what
you want me to do ♪
Hey yo. psst.
not none of you bitches.
You.
Who?
You nigga.
Oh what's up. man.
how you doing?
You good?
Yeah I'm okay.
Is you sure?
Man. I can't believe you're
talking to me right now.
Yeah I am.
Hey. you was doing your thing
out there man.
You pretty good.
You serious bro?
Damn man that means a lot coming
from you. you a senior dancer.
And you just may have what it
takes to be one of us.
No man. now you playing bro.
come on. man.
Yeah one day.
Hey. you do side hustles?
Side hustles. like.
what you mean?
You know. like. fuck some of
these chicks in the VIP.
No man. I ain't never been
invited up there.
That I see.
But if I were to get a shot
I would.
What you willing to do for a
grand?
Grand. like. like. $1.000?
Yeah thousand dollars.
Bro. I do anything for $1.000.
Okay I'll tell you what.
I'ma take you
on one of my privates
when we get out of here.
Cool?
Cool. come on man. you for real?
As long as you for real about
doing anything.
Bro. I'm dead serious about
doing anything bro. anything.
I'ma hold you to that.
Please do. matter fact. shit.
I remind you.
Okay. bet.
[laughing]
-He gonna fuck you up.
-He gonna fuck you up for real.
Y'all just mad. bro.
I'll be all right.
Watch out. watch out.
Good luck with that.
I got this bro. you know that.
I'm good.
Y'all just mad.
[engine revving]
Good evening.
Hi.
Don't you look beautiful.
Thank you.
So. where are we going?
On a trip.
It's something I'd like to
show you.
You'll be back by midnight
though.
Yeah. that's not happening until
I get Bill and my bread.
You really are worried about
the wrong thing.
-[laughs]
-Let me show you something.
Come on.
After you.
[crowd screaming]
♪ I want you now.
baby take your clothes off. ♪
♪ I know you ready tonight.
♪ I want you now.
baby take your clothes off. ♪
♪ I know you ready.
♪ Your turning me on
and I like it. ♪
♪ The smell of cologne
is exciting. ♪
♪ This side of my arm
is invitin' ♪
♪ And when we're alone
let me lay there. ♪
♪ Round and round we go.
♪ This stuff is really
getting old. ♪
♪ I know what I want.
♪ Let me show you.
♪ Baby. we grown so don't
hold back. ♪
♪ Just let me show you.
♪ Yeah.
♪ I wanna feel like
I'm a part of you ♪
Well. well. well.
I see you ladies looking good
as fuck tonight.
[crowd screams]
I did so good the
other day dancing and hosting
they asked me to do this shit
again tonight.
Oh. oh. you like that.
y'all like that?
[crowd screams]
Okay. okay. okay.
that's what's up.
So. um. give it up for these
lame ass niggas
that's coming out next.
[crowd screams]
Yeah. you know if you into
that kind of thing.
I'm here now so.
y'all don't need that.
Anyway. give it up for the men
of Eden!
♪ Whoa. here we are all alone in
this room. ♪
♪ And girl I know where to start
to make you come through ♪
♪ I'll take my time.
♪ We'll be all night. girl.
♪ So. get ready babe.
I got plans for me and you. ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh
♪ It'll be my first time
baby girl ♪
♪ That I been here
♪ Make me ride
through the night ♪
♪ You'll never be late
♪ Let me take you down.
♪ I really wanna take you down
and show you what I'm about. ♪
♪ Yeah. take you down.
♪ Gotta ride all
Gotta ride up and down ♪
♪ So don't stop
Lookin' ♪
♪ Quit playin'
Games ♪
♪ We go all
♪ Take you down. I really wanna
take you down. ♪
♪ Take you down.
oh yeah. yeah. yeah. ♪
♪ Pretty girl let's take it off
in this room. ♪
♪ No time to waste. girl you
know what we came to do. ♪
♪ We gotta make 'em
shine again. ♪
[music]
You have gotta be fucking
kidding me.
Language.
[music]
You brought me to the
White House?
Why not?
-Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
So. why are we here?
Mr. President.
Good seeing you.
Madam First Lady.
May I introduce Marilyn DeVille.
-You are beautiful.
-Yes she is.
We should get you on the
lake sometime.
Anytime.
Good to see you again.
Likewise.
[indistinct chatter]
You look surprised.
No I'm not surprised
I just don't understand
why I'm here.
To play a little game Marilyn.
It's Madam.
That name won't work in this
room.
I am the room.
I see.
Look over your left shoulder.
What the fuck
are they doing here?
Language.
The president hosts these Galas
for powerful people
all around the country.
I don't like when I hear your
name come up
in some of those
lower circles.
So. we are here to teach you
how to play chess.
Well. you're wasting your time.
Because I already know
how to play chess.
Well. you've been playing
checkers.
You see this gentleman
right here?
Yes.
He's going to be the next
governor of Georgia.
The family I work for spends a
lot of money in politics
and therefore yield a lot
of power.
You see the woman
he's talking to?
I do.
She's ushered in the last
three presidents
including the one you
just met.
Why are you calling them over
here?
I didn't call them over that
was a summons.
And remember you catch more
flies with honey than vinegar.
Or ripping the door off
someone's home.
-Judge.
-Hi.
It's good to see you.
-Harry.
-Hello.
Have you met Marilyn DeVille?
Yes I have.
Really?
We know her.
Oh. you must tell me how.
Long story.
We've got time right?
We do.
Why don't you and Harry go
get a drink?
And I can catch up with my
old friend.
Sounds like a plan
I'll grab us a scotch.
Thank you.
Harry. you look good.
So. you know him?
I'm with him.
Okay. look. I can make
everything stop if...
Bitch. you don't get an if.
We are in the White House.
And I'm that black bitch.
Okay.
Not an if. but can you please.
please leave my daughter alone.
-She doesn't deserve to be--
-Deal. [sighs]
Thank you. Miss DeVille.
Can I get you a drink?
I'm a fucking trust you.
Alright well. let's go get one
together.
Get the fuck out of my face.
Sure.
[indistinct chatter]
[music]
♪ I'm only singing this song for
all my survivors. ♪
♪ You can say what you want
no one came to find us. ♪
You've got a VIP.
Sorry ladies.
-You good?
-I'm alright.
You sure?
Go to the fucking VIP man.
♪ That's what it's like when
you're born to fight. ♪
♪ Drones fly around the building
we see 'em. ♪
♪ we shoot 'em on sight. hey.
♪ We should have
known it from beginning. ♪
-Hey. Blue.
-What?
We got heat outside.
What?
The back door.
A detective.
[sighs] Fuck. man.
You want me to handle it?
No I got it man.
What the fuck you want?
Hi to you too.
Did you hear me?
Just wanted to
let you know
that detective Davis is
wondering how you got out.
And?
And. they've been
trying to call Kat
but she hasn't shown up
for her shift.
Are you done?
Yeah.
Skidattle. bitch.
Look. I can be really helpful.
What the fuck I say?
Okay. okay.
Hey. hold up.
What you want?
I told you.
I want to do well
at my job.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
You want your little ass be hung
upside down again.
-No.
-That's it.
-That's what you want.
-No. I don't.
You bring your ass around here
again I promise you. you will.
Now. get the fuck out my face.
Yo. what you doing in here man?
I was just taking a break.
But the money out there man.
Yeah I know.
Bro. you tipped out?
I know. alright?
Bro. listen.
you been light lately.
Come on man. please.
Still think about that girl.
[sighs] I'm thinking about
everything.
Like what?
No man.
Look. man spit it out bro.
You ever think about God?
What man?
Nothing.
No. man talk about it bro.
No man I got to go.
Yo bro I got you man.
Talk about it.
My ex.
We used to go to church
together all the time.
Her father was a pastor.
And he hated me.
I don't know. I just...
Just seeing her. I'm just
asking questions. That's all.
Look bro.
like I told you before.
You come in here bro
and you get your money.
Ignore that shit.
I don't know if it's worth it.
I'm going to tell you one thing
for certain
and two things for sure playa.
You keep on missing out on this
motherfucking money
ain't nothing gonna be worth
what you bring home man.
Snap out of it.
I'm trying to man but you don't
understand
what my life was like before.
Why don't you tell me what it
was like?
It was just a different
situation.
Okay well. let me ask you this.
What's that?
How much money did you have if
you was at that church?
It wasn't about the money man.
What the hell else could it be
about?
My soul.
Wow. you really trippin bro.
No man. I'm just confused.
I just want to do the right
thing I want to be a good dude.
Fuego. man you are a good dude.
You ain't like us up in here
bro.
We know that. nigga. we came
from nothing.
And we gonna get this money.
Now you. you can make it up out
of here but until then.
you need to go get your yellow
ass on that stage.
Confused and all.
[Trouble]: Damn.
You ain't earned your way up in
here yet.
I know that.
Your arrogant ass.
But I will.
Like I said.
Look. so I got a question.
Ask somebody else.
Man. come on.
What?
I mean. I keep mine in rotation
but uh. y'all share bitches?
Trouble. what do you want?
I'm just wondering.
Get up out of here with that
bullshit. man.
I'm just asking cuz
I seen your girl.
What was her name.
Teresa ain't it?
Oh yeah what she at?
She up in VIP.
Shit.
Whoa wait where you going
though?
I'm about to go up there. shit.
Oh nah. bruh. she asked for
Midnight.
Nigga. you got to be kidding me.
Oh nah.
Nah. get the fuck up outta here.
nah. I don't believe that shit.
Aight. don't shoot the
messenger.
Scrawny ass.
Hey. don't believe that.
Man. I'm not man.
[music]
[laughing] Interesting.
What's so funny?
You trying so hard to be hard
all the time.
[laughs] I'm not trying.
Neither am I.
Okay. so what you talkin about.
huh?
Are you talking about
being tough?
That too.
Okay. I will admit that I am.
I'm intrigued
Ah. finally.
No finally. hold on there.
Really? We just left
the White House.
I introduced you
to the president
and I'm going to have
you back to your place on time.
I was surprised that he knew who
you were.
Go on.
And I. I really enjoyed
the way you handled
the judge back there
I mean the bitch was scared
shitless talkin to me.
And I didn't have to rip the
doors off her house to do it.
Mm-hmm. you know. some stuff.
I just.
I just do that for fun.
What else do you do for fun?
Um. I. I make money.
Speaking of money.
where is Bill?
Still on Bill.
Yeah I'm still on Bill.
Bill has not paid me my money.
so yes.
I get it but you're not
being present.
I'm sorry. I'm literally here.
how more present can I be?
We are sitting in this beautiful
jet miles above the world
and all you can talk about is
some lowlife nobody
who's probably going to be dead
by the morning.
And?
And you're going to have your
money back.
Thank you.
That's what I wanted to hear.
Okay.
So. can you please be present?
We're here. I am present.
I am ready.
What is it that you would like
to do sir?
Good question.
Would you like to fuck me?
I hadn't decided yet.
[laughing] You haven't decided.
okay.
But you have.
[music]
Wait a second. I got
instructions for you.
[laughing]
♪ Take it. don't be no hero
♪ I'm so specific how I like it.
how I want it. how I need it ♪
♪ So. I don't need a nigga
trying to prove something ♪
♪ Cuz you going to make me
change my mind ♪
♪ before we do something
♪ You know talking too much
♪ is the easiest way
to spoil something ♪
♪ Only thing I need convincin'
is you as good as you say ♪
[moaning]
♪ Baby can we try
♪ I'll take your head that's
softly on my thigh ♪
♪ Boy. don't try
to push your way inside ♪
[moaning]
♪ I'll give you the time
♪ Chance to make it easy for you
to do it right ♪
♪ Do it my way
[moaning]
♪ even if you don't.
♪ I'll make sure that
we're on the same page ♪
♪ If we do it my way.
♪ If we do it
my way. ♪
♪ If we do it my way.
[music]
Midnight. what the fuck?
What?
Why you lie to me?
You told me you
shot him.
And you told me he was putting
his hands on you.
He is.
I saw the tape.
What?
Yeah we got a tape of you doing
all that shit to yourself.
Midnight. you don't know what
you just did.
Yes I do.
I just saved my ass from getting
life behind your bullshit.
All right well he
went to the cops
and told them that I hired
somebody to kill him.
Okay.
Now they're after me.
That's what your ass get.
Midnight.
Get the fuck out of here why are
you doing this?
What you're going to do is
talk to me okay
because we're not done here.
What the fuck is this?
This ain't nothing.
You pushing up on my chick man?
Say something.
I ain't got nothing to say.
That's between y'all.
-Wow.
-Bro let's go talk about it.
We ain't got shit to talk about.
Get the fuck up out of here man.
Let's just go talk.
Whoa shit.
[mumbling]
Oh shit.
[grunting]
Get the fuck up.
My champagne.
Oh shit.
[grunting]
[mumbling]
♪ About to miss it
with the endless choices ♪
♪ 'Cause the opposition
come with rigor mortis ♪
♪ How you 'posed to be fresh
with that niggas platinum ♪
♪ Everything gotta catch
but some never caught it ♪
♪ I just want my respect
all the rest you pack it ♪
♪ I'm so fly
if I feel I need rescue prolly ♪
♪ I remain in the suit
with no bedroom prolly ♪
♪ He licks 'em with Siri
then fled to Cali ♪
♪ Got them things with my aunt
we done read through vices ♪
[music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm